Mahmoud built the تطبيق تسجيل الدخول app as a free application. This SERVICE is provided by Mahmoud at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use this Service.

If you choose to use this Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using this Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to name and profile picture. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any other way unless stated otherwise.

This app does not share your personal information with third parties except for the purposes of providing the intended functionality of the app.

Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use this Service, in case of an error in the app, we may collect data and information through third-party tools (if used) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

This Service does not use cookies explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.

Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;

To provide the Service on our behalf;

To perform Service-related services; or

To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.


We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at:
mhmwdaljrw4@gmail.com